In this regard, the plant was alive
euro for this it will become even more difficult
when this relationship was formed despite
A lot of unique words in
earth history
in 1980 next to a long post
which corresponded to the end
century dinosaurs
luis his side alvarez l
discovered diesel
it allowed them to push the theory
according to which 65 million years ago
everyone knows with a huge asteroid or
comet
which led to the death of the dinosaurs
to confirm this theory
crater was needed
in the end he ahmadinejad tons
dinosaur bones
but where was the crater already
good challenge for young
ambitious scientist
off the coast of the peninsula yucatan
Dr. Chiron Borders Columns investigated
will start gravitational
anomalies detected by oilmen
fifties
among them hers with a semicircular
magnetic anomaly he discovered near
village and the boy words of paraguay blanks
giant crater with a diameter of 180
kilometers
most of which is now under
by water
Russia and Gay Continents
more evidence of guilt
but 65 million years ago was here
epicenter of the explosion
this object passed the atmosphere behind
a few seconds will be saved on may 8
the creation of a global network and now
o'clock
on Russian roads and really
It did not take long for the sixth time
ask don't tell the truth
the case continued
stopped wishes tearing through
thirty means
her main pressure went around the globe in
atmosphere for the first time
at the same time east of the strike was heard on
the other side of the planet she should not
ensure that all the major banks he
climbed to a height of ten kilometers
office temperature collision was
so high that the story
high octane gasoline has dropped even
if he has good times percent
besides considering three
quarters of all living things